[Applause]
every time i go to a chinese restaurant
all of my friends get like
will order a mandarin bro they're going
to hook it up i'm like bro
win panda express her name tag says
consuela on it i don't think that's a
mandarin name
[Music]
look at the road ahead of me right now
and it's in a cubicle selling things i
don't believe it
don't stop don't stop believing hanford
california stephen perry journey
the only silver lining is i can't
possibly hang myself in a cubicle
yo pennsylvania improv asked me if i
could recommend
a comic last minute i said you he said
great wow guess who's headlining billy
gene
one two three
that's a big deal if you want to make
this more than a one-time thing
make the audience laugh i've been a
little bit of a bummer lately
and my girlfriend said if i was a city i
would be like seattle
what is he doing or you know
who is this this is willie's emceeing
this weekend super funny guy
so will what's going on in your world so
i'm from ohio
oh come on well originally i was from
kansas that's not funny either
maybe stand-up is just not really in the
cards you know yeah you bummed
bombed hard too your ass should be on
the tsa watch list
i'm not like the macho guy like i'm
really good-looking
if you're into anime
[Music]
the thing about stand-up is that you
have a chance
to be better today than he was yesterday
now ladies and gentlemen
what
[Music]
you